DOC: clarify index mismatch in Epochs.drop when epochs are auto-dropped (#13688)
mne-tools/mne-python: doc/changes/dev/13688.other.rst

> ﻿Fix index mismatch in :meth:~mne.Epochs.drop when epochs are auto-dropped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a note to :meth:`mne.Epochs.drop` describing a potential mismatch between indices expected by  :meth:`~mne.Epochs.drop` and those found in :attr:`mne.Epochs.selection` when epochs have been automatically dropped, by <Link to your name>.
```

Not really correct to call this a fix, would prefer this wording.

You also need to add your name to `doc/changes/names.inc`, then in the changelog entry you should link it as ```..., by :newcontrib:`Your Name`.```.
